hello everyone today you will give rain
today i will take them on samp 0 37 now i
play dm north i'll show you how he
I will reach the enemies and he will show
valid
So while they clean
Throw in the folder Cleo and he does not
activated on the wrong button just by yourself
will already be induced on the body that is not
button activated
and so now I will show
now look i'm not i'm not taking the sight
without even moving the mouse
he will be the most purely
the car does not direct it is very bad
but anyway when if a person is not in
car you can shoot you
will help this cheat on the cards very much and
very good
so now
here look see i'm not even important you
if you drive with a mouse, you will have
to write back to return
to the same place that is
shoot and kill you stupidly
on any weapon move purely work on
any weapons can use this
very good to them
Well, I was killed but he is very good
works all thanks for watching with you
was hurt let me subscribe to the channel
Like everyone for now